about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About Emerald
---
## About
Emerald is a minimal theme created for Jekyll. The main purpose of Emerald is to provide a clear theme for those who want a blog ready to use, focused on the content and mobile-first.

For further details on Emerald, please visit the [repository on Github](https://github.com/KingFelix/emerald/).

![Emerald](img/Emerald01.png "Emerald")

### Setup
Emerald may be installed by simply downloading the .zip folder from the [repository on Github](https://github.com/KingFelix/emerald/archive/master.zip).

After extracting the content from the folder into the selected directory, you can type ``jekyll serve`` from the terminal, than open your browser to ``0.0.0.0:4000/emerald/`` and you will find it there.

Additionally it is possible to fork the repository and use Github Pages as hosting. By following this way it will be enough to change the ``baseurl`` value into the ``_config.yml`` file, with the directory name of your project (for example /blog) or simply with a "/" (slash) if you want install Emerald in the root. 

Last but not least: the [Jekyll documentation](http://jekyllrb.com) is the best starting point!

Enjoy!

Commit message:

Changed "about emerald" permalink to "about me" post

about.md, after:

---
title: About Me
---

A quick post about me.
As of this post, I'm a rising third year/junior at the University of Virginia, currently studying Computer Science (B.S.) and liking it quite a bit. Although I've dabbled in a few different languages here and there, Java and C++ are my go-tos. I'll be posting projects I've worked on (with pictures and videos, if I have them) as soon as I figure out how to do that through jekyll. This blog is meant to be a mix of my current and past projects but also just meant to be a place for me to throw some thoughts down on whatever is on my mind at the moment.

Some casual stuff about me: I like to play video games, go to the gym, play some casual soccer outside, and spend time hiking. Just last weekend I went to hike at Great Falls Park as well as Old Rag Mountain. As for video games, I'm currently playing Mortal Kombat X on Xbox One and Counter Strike: Global Offensive on the gaming PC I just built. I've also got about a million games on backlog thanks to steam sales that I'll go through eventually. If you ever wanna play anything (I'm just getting back into Team Fortress 2, too) shoot me a friend request through [my profile.] [link]

[link]:     https://www.steamcommunity.com/profiles/virtualgigi



--- Jamel Charouel

Monday, August 3rd, 2015
